# Title: Flaskcards
#### Video Demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU-ee0uF7Nk&ab_channel=AaronDutta
#### Description:

As a student constantly struggling to remember definitions and terms required for my exams, I always go on Google to search for website that allow me to revise better. I have tried reading textbooks, online quizzes, and flashcard websites. Textbooks are not enough to help me revise more efficiently, and the main problem with online quizzes and flashcards is that most require an account and payment, and the websites are convoluted and overcomplicated to use. Because of this problem, I decided to code "Flaskcards", an easy online flashcard app that allows efficient revision for students. I named it Flaskcards because I included flask for the program.

Flaskcards allows the user to perform two main functions: add a flaskcard or take a quiz. In the homepage, the user can choose to add as many flaskcards as they want, and each will have an area to enter a question and answer (both are required). After entering their desired number of flaskcards, they can take a quiz, which will display all the questions of the flaskcards in order. They have to enter the exact answer of each question. After they submit, they will receive a score out of however many flaskcards they made. They can choose to either retake the quiz or go back to the homepage. Overall, the structure of the website is very similar to the CS50 week 9 finance assignment.

Firstly, I will explain the app.py file. After importing from flask and cs50, I have a database called flashcards.db where I create a table called flashcards. This is to store all information of the flaskcards that the user enters. I define a function called index() which retrieves data from the flashcards table and stores it in variable flashcards. Next, I define a function called add() that adds a flaskcard and requires the user to enter a question and answer. It will take them to a separate page: add.html. Next, I define a function called delete() that will delete any flaskcard that the user wants in the database. Next, I define a function called quiz() that retrieves all data from the flashcards table and checks if each answer is correct. I have variables called correct and total, where correct is preset to zero and total is the length of the flashcards, i.e. however many flaskcards the user inputted. If the user's answer matches the answer variable in the database, the correct variable is increased by 1. This is only done if the form is submitted. Next, I define a function called results() that will return the results.html template.

Index.html is the code for the homepage of Flaskcards. After writing the basics of an html page (meta charset="UTF-8" all the way to the link rel="stylesheet" href="....), I use some CSS to style the page to make it look nicer. This includes styling the flaskcard boxes and buttons. Next, I input the h1 heading and the buttons to add a flaskcard and take a quiz. I choose to make them primary and success to make the buttons colourful, as I really like the green and blue beside each other. Next, I have a section for the flaskcards to be displayed. I use bootstrap to give the flaskcards a card effect, and they contain the question, answer, and the delete button which is red because of the btn btn-danger class. Finally, I include an else statement that displays "No flaskcards available..." if there are no flaskcards in the database.

Moving on to add.html, I write the basics of the html page and use CSS to style the page and make it look nicer. I include the h1 heading add new flaskcard, and put a form. I use the bootstrap mt-4 class for the form, and add sections for question input and answer input. After that, they can choose to add the flaskcard or cancel, which will take them back to the index.html page.

Next, we have the quiz.html page. Once again, I add the basics of the html page and use CSS to style the page and make it look nicer. I include the h1 heading Quiztime!, and put a form again. This time, the question is already given: it is taken from the database. I make an area for the user to enter their answer, and add a submit button as well as a cancel button.

Finally, results.html has the basics of html page and CSS to style the page and make it look nicer. I use the h1 heading Quiz Results, and display a sentence that shows the "correct" variable value and the "total" variable value. I put the retry quiz button if the user wishes to take their quiz again, and the back to flaskcards button which takes the user back to the homepage, i.e. index.html.
